Team Members: Kyle Cavorley, Cory Pisano, David Shen, Andrew Weiser

LCD/VGA Research: Cory Pisano
-found VGA code to work off of
Parallax Ping Research: Kyle Cavorley
-found sensor code to work off of

First Implementation of Code using Parallax Ping Sensor: David Shen 
note: code did not function properly, but gave an idea on how sensor operated.

Reworked Code for Parallax Ping Sensor: Cory Pisano, Kyle Cavorley, Andrew Weiser
note: Code still did not completely function properly. We rewrote the inital implementation which helped to understand 
and fix some bugs.   We created LED indicators and oscilloscope/spectrum analyzer testing indicating
a chirp is emitted. Problem occurs in reception of echo with parallax ping sensor. The signal pin that sends the chirp and receives
the echo is connected to the same pin on the logic converter. This is connected to a single GPIO pin. After continuously
debugging and reworking our code, we had many issues in achieving proper functionality of the Parallax Ping Sensor.
We tried implementing tri-state buffers, however our code did not work. When hooking up the HC-SR04 sensor, our code immediately
worked.

Working Code: David Shen, Kyle Cavorley, Cory Pisano, Andrew Weiser
note: Too much difficulty when implementing parallax ping sensor. Figured out GPIO pins cannot send and receive signals
from a single pin. Switched to using HC-SR04 sensor. Reworked code implemented previously worked for sensor. David modified code
to fit new sensor. Added distance and centimeter calculation. Able to change sampling frequency. Added Distance bar indicator.

Other attempted features - VGA (Kyle Cavorley, Cory Pisano), Serial (Andrew Weiser)

Challenges:
Our biggest challenge was implementing the Parallax Ping Sensor. We could not get the bi-directional signal pin to 
function properly. Running out of time in our project, we switched to the HC-SR04 sensor. The issue with the sensor offset 
our initial goal of implementing multiple sensors so that we could do more with the project, such as create an 
atari pong game. We were also planning on implementing a serial connection to the computer to store the distance data points
to Matlab where they could be graphed. Further research is required in implementing the parallax ping sensor. However,
with a working HC-SR04 sensor, we will be able to meet our goals. This can be done in a capstone project next semester
or research. 

Github Repository: 
https://github.com/Rutgers-FPGA-Projects/NGC-Sonar.git
